[skip ci] Added some grammatical changes and missing punctuations (#48806)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_multiple_databases.md

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As an application grows in popularity and usage, you'll need to scale the application
to support your new users and their data. One way in which your application may need

> to scale is on the database level. Rails now supports using multiple databases, so you don't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to scale is on the database level. Rails supports using multiple databases, so you don't
```

> to scale is on the database level. Rails now support multiple databases, so you don't
> have to store your data all in one place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to scale is on the database level. Rails now supports using multiple databases, so you don't
have to store your data all in one place.
```

config.active_record.reading_role = :readonly
```

> It's essential to connect to your database in a single model and then inherit from that model

Reviewer: I think important is the correct word here. You *can* do it on individual models, it's just a bad idea.

Author: but the "essential" carries a stronger sense of necessity.

Reviewer: I think "essential" implies you have no other option. That isn't true. But 🤷  it's not a deal breaker.

Author: Makes sense

Author: @ghiculescu Updated the changes.

Automatic switching allows the application to switch from the writer to replica or replica
to writer based on the HTTP verb and whether there was a recent write by the requesting user.

> If the application receives a POST, PUT, DELETE, or PATCH request, the application will
> automatically write to the writer database. The application will read from the primary
> for the specified time after the write. The application will read from the replica unless
> there was a recent write for a GET or HEAD request.

Reviewer 2: I think we can do even better here. The conditions used in the three sentences all kind of overlap which makes it hard to follow the underlying decision tree. We should try to simplify it so that the logic is clear:

- is the request POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH? -> writer
- was there a recent write? -> writer
- else -> reader

```suggestion
If the application receives a POST, PUT, DELETE, or PATCH request, the application will
automatically write to the writer database. If the request is not one of those methods,
but the application recently made a write, the writer database will also be used. All
other requests will use the replica database.
```
